









A U T O P I L O T A S I A H A C K A T H O N 2 0 2 6 · R O U N D 2
Round 2 Guide
&&Rules, template setup,judging, and the fu l FAQ,in one document.
&
&

Remote build 3 to 7 August · Offline build 8 August · Grand Finale 9 August · Asia Pacific University, Kuala Lumpur



Everything you need for Round 2: the goal of the round, the Orchestrator and Operator model, how to set up and use the template repository, what each Command Center surface has to do, the business functions worth adding to your track, the dataset and integration rules, the full judging gate and rubric, and a long FAQ. Read this fully before you build. Discord is the single source of truth; where a live announcement differs from this document, the announcement is authoritative.
5-day remote build5-day remote buildAgent on Auto + coded Command CenterAgent on Auto + coded Command CenterGate, then rubric out of 100Gate, then rubric out of 100
5-day remote build
5-day remote build
Agent on Auto + coded Command Center
Agent on Auto + coded Command Center
Gate, then rubric out of 100
Gate, then rubric out of 100

The one rule that governs everything else
Discord is the single source of truth for Round 2. Every announcement, every schedule change, every office-hours session, and every official ruling from the organizing team and judging panel happens in the official Autopilot Asia Discord server. If a piece of information is not in Discord, it is not official.
Rules published here are the standing framework. Where this document and a l ive Discord announcement differ, the Discord announcement is authoritative, because it is more recent. The organizing team pins every material ruling so the current state of the rules is always visible in one place.

The goal of Round 2
In one sentence: take the AI Employee you built in Round 1 , grow it into a wider operation with more Operators, and put a real, coded Command Center around it so a business leader could actually run it.
Round 1 answered one question: can you decompose a business problem into an Orchestrator and Operators on Supervity Auto, connect real systems, and escalate an exception to a human. Round 2 answers a harder one: can you run that agent as a governed operation. Governed means a person sets the rules, the agent works inside them, every decision is visible and auditable, and anything the agent should not decide alone reaches a human with the context to decide it.
Round 2 does not throw Round 1 away. Your Round 1 Orchestrator and Operators stay as the brain. You extend the agent, and you build the operation around it.
Every Round 2 build has two layers, and the split between them is mandatory.
Layer one, the agent, runs on Supervity Auto. One Orchestrator coordinating at least ﬁve distinct Operator Agents that do the actual domain work. All orchestration must be built on Auto.
Layer two, the Command Center, is coded on the official template. The dashboard, the AI Policies engine, AI Insights, the AI Manager, the Data Manager, and the Workbench are built in the template repository, and you may use any model you l ike there, including Claude, Gemini, GPT, or open source.
Teams keep the track they were assigned in Round 1 . Tracks were distributed evenly by the Supervity team and do not change between rounds. Team composition does not change either; teams remain one to two people.

Orchestrator and Operators
An Operator Agent is a single AI Employee that does one job end to end. It takes an input, does one unit of work, uses the integrations that job needs, and returns a result. One Operator is one skilled worker with one responsibility.
An Orchestrator is an Operator that runs other Operators. It does not do the detailed work itsel f. It decides which Operators to call and in what order, in sequence, in parallel, or branching on a condition; it passes context and results between them; it retries when one fails; and it escalates to a human at the Auto Workbench when a decision needs one. The Orchestrator is the manager, the Operators are the team.
How to call an Operator from an Orchestrator. In Supervity Auto an Operator is a workﬂow. From inside the Orchestrator's workﬂow you call another Operator by naming it in plain language, for example "I want to trigger the Risk Screen Operator Agent" or "call the Extraction operator agent." You state the Operator you want to trigger, and Auto runs that Operator as a step inside the Orchestrator.
How to build it, in order. Build each Operator as its own workﬂow and get it working on its own ﬁrst, with its own inputs, its own integrations, and its own output. Then build the Orchestrator as a workﬂow whose steps trigger those Operator workﬂows by name, collect their outputs, branch on the result, retry on failure, and escalate exceptions to a human. One giant workﬂow that does everything is a single mega-agent, and it fails the gate.
Round 2 raises the ﬂoor. The agent must show at least ﬁve distinct Operators and genuine orchestration depth: parallel fan-out and fan-in, conditional branching, retries, and clean context passing between Operators.
A useful test of whether your decomposition is real: if you deleted one Operator, would a speciﬁc business capability disappear? If the answer is no, you have split one agent for appearances rather than built a team.

What you can add in Round 2
Round 1 covered the core path of each domain. The operation is still missing the business functions around it, and each one is naturally its own Operator. These are suggestions, not requirements. Pick the ones that make your build a fuller AI Employee.

Track
Business functions worth adding
Finance, Accounts
Payable
Vendor onboarding and out-of-band bank veriﬁcation · payment runs that capture early-payment discounts · FX conversion and intercompany allocation · vendor statement reconciliation
· dispute and credit-memo handling · month-end accrual and a close pack
Operations,
Procurement
Prioritising concurrent disruptions competing for the same stock · RFQ and quote comparison across alternative suppliers · inventory reallocation across warehouses · customer re-promising and comms · penalty and escalation-clause modelling · a rolling supplier scorecard
Customer Support,
Service Desk
Major-incident detection and comms · change approval before touching production · rollback and veriﬁcation when a ﬁx fails · knowledge-base authoring from resolved tickets · CSAT follow-up and escalation · load balancing across teams and on-call
Sales Intelligence
Buying-group resolution across an account · territory and capacity routing with collision handling · regional consent and compliance gating · multi-touch sequence orchestration · reply handling and meeting booking · pipeline hygiene in CRM
HR and People Ops
Multi-jurisdiction compliance deadlines · cross-team provisioning across IT, payroll, facilities and security · ﬁrst-payroll veriﬁcation · learning and milestone tracking · attrition risk scoring · manager accountability and escalation
Adding capability is how a build moves from "it works" to "a business could run this." It is also where bonus points l ive.

The template repository
Every Round 2 build starts from the official template: https://github.com/digitamizers/AutoPilot-
Template
The template is a starter kit, not a ﬁnished product. It gives you a working backend, database, and Command Center shell so you spend the ﬁve days on the agent and the operation rather than on boilerplate.
What the template already includes

Layer
What you get
Backend
FastAPI with auto-generated Swagger docs, PostgreSQL with Alembic migrations, an auth system with a development bypass, audit-logging middleware on every request, a sample CRUD API, a ﬁle-storage API, and a role-based authorization engine.
Frontend
A Next.js and React Command Center: a dashboard with stat cards and an activity chart, an AI Policies page, an AI Insights page, an AI Manager chat interface, a Workbench page, a settings page, and a command palette.
Infrastructure
Docker Compose for one-command startup, a pre-built production frontend, and cross-platform support for macOS, Windows, and Linux.
What you build on top

Surface
Template status
Your task
AI Manager
Chat interface
ready
Connect it to your Auto agent through the backend so it can answer from real records and trigger Operators.
AI Policies
Demo data
loaded
Build the engine that evaluates real rules at runtime and genuinely constrains the agent.
AI Insights
Demo data
loaded
Build the analysis engine that generates insights from the data your agent actually processed.
Workbench
Interface shell
ready
Build exception routing, so when the agent pauses, real work items arrive with context and a human resolves them.
Dashboard
Static cards
Wire the KPIs and queues to live agent activity.
Shipping the template's demo data as if it were your own output is a fail . Judges check the Policies and Insights pages against the data your agent actually processed.

Setting up the template
Prerequisites. Install Docker Desktop and Git. On Windows, enable WSL 2; Docker Desktop will prompt
wsl --installwsl --installyou, and if you see a WSL error runin PowerShell as Administrator and restart.
wsl --install
wsl --install
Step one, clone the repository.
git clone https://github.com/digitamizers/AutoPilot-Template cd AutoPilot-Templategit clone https://github.com/digitamizers/AutoPilot-Template cd AutoPilot-Template
git clone https://github.com/digitamizers/AutoPilot-Template cd AutoPilot-Template
git clone https://github.com/digitamizers/AutoPilot-Template cd AutoPilot-Template
Step two, create your environment ﬁle. On macOS or Linux run cp .env.example .env . On Windows
Copy-Item .env.example .envCopy-Item .env.example .envPowerShell run. The default ﬁle works out of the box: AUTH_BYPASS=true
Copy-Item .env.example .env
Copy-Item .env.example .env
means no external auth setup is needed and the app starts with a development session.
Step three, start Docker Desktop and wait until it reports that it is running. The ﬁrst launch can take a minute or two.
make upmake upStep four, start all services. On macOS or Linux run. On Windows PowerShell run
make up
make up
.\scripts\start.ps1.\scripts\start.ps1, which clears a common WSL 2 port conﬂict, starts Docker, and veriﬁes the services are reachable. The ﬁrst run takes two to ﬁve minutes to download images and build containers; later runs start in about ﬁfteen seconds.
.\scripts\start.ps1
.\scripts\start.ps1

docker compose psdocker compose psStep ﬁve, verify. Run and frontend.
docker compose ps
docker compose ps
Step six, open your Command Center.
. You should see three services running: postgres, backend,


Service
URL
What it is
Dashboard
http://localhost:3001
Your Command Center interface
API docs
http://localhost:8001/api/docs
Backend Swagger documentation
Database
localhost:5432
PostgreSQL
make logs-bemake logs-beand makee, makeand makee, makeEveryday commands. On macOS and Linux: make down stops everything,
make logs-be
make logs-be
and make
e, make
and make
e, make
logs-fe stream backend and frontend logs, make reset-db resets and re-seeds the databas
migrate-up applies migrations, make lint l ints both sides, and make test-be runs backend tests. On
Windows use the equivalent docker compose commands, for example docker compose up --build -d ,
docker compose downdocker compose down, and docker compose logs -f backend .
docker compose down
docker compose down
Read the repository documentation before you build. The template ships with a Command Center guide covering what each surface is meant to do, a design-system reference for UI patterns, and an audit-system guide. Use the design system so your Command Center looks l ike a Supervity product.
If something breaks. A port already in use on 3001 or 5432 usually means another service or a local
docker-compose.ymldocker-compose.ymlPostgreSQL is running; stop it or change the port in. Containers that crash-loop are
docker-compose.yml
docker-compose.yml
docker compose logs backenddocker compose logs backendalmost always a missing environment variable or a database issue, so check.
docker compose logs backend
docker compose logs backend
curlcurlA blank frontend usually means the backend is not healthy, so check
curl
curl
http://localhost:8001/api/healthhttp://localhost:8001/api/health. On a ﬁrst run, give PostgreSQL ten to ﬁfteen seconds to initialize.
http://localhost:8001/api/health
http://localhost:8001/api/health
Daily office hours run in Discord throughout the build. Setup problems are the fastest thing to solve there, so ask early rather than losing a day.

Connecting the Command Center to your agent
The Command Center must be genuinely wired to the Auto agent through the backend API. A frontend showing seeded numbers, or a dashboard that never changes when the agent runs, does not pass the gate.
The ﬂow every build needs: a trigger arrives, the backend calls your Auto Orchestrator, the Orchestrator delegates to its Operators, the proposed action is evaluated against your Policies engine, anything needing a human is routed to the Workbench, the result is executed and persisted, and the dashboard, Insights, and Data Manager reﬂect what happened.
Get your Workﬂow API key. Your backend authenticates to Auto with a Workﬂow API key, which you generate yourself at https://auto.supervity.ai/u/api-keys. Choose an expiration and the workspace context the key should act in, generate the key, and copy the token. Send it as a bearer token in the Authorization header when your backend calls a workﬂow endpoint. Treat the key l ike a password: keep it in your .env ﬁle, never commit it, and never paste it into the frontend, since anything in the browser is public.

Generatea Workﬂow API key at auto.supervity.ai/u/api-keys, then useit asa bearer token from your backend.

Use the platform documentation. The full Auto documentation, including the workﬂow endpoints your backend will call, l ives at https://auto.supervity.ai/docs. Read it before you wire anything; it is the authoritative reference for calling an Operator from code, and it will save you the most time of anything in this guide.
Persist what the agent does. Runs, decisions, policy evaluations, and exceptions should be written to the database so the dashboard, the audit trail, and the Insights layer have real history to work with. The template's audit-logging middleware is already there; use it.
Fail safely. If an Operator fails or a ﬁeld is missing, the agent pauses and routes the item to the Workbench. It does not crash, and it does not invent a value.

The Command Center surfaces, explained
The dashboard. The l ive operational picture for your track: the headline metrics, agent status, open exception queues, and whatever a leader in that role would check ﬁrst each morning. The numbers must move as the agent works.
The AI Policies engine. The rules a business owns. In Round 1 you were told not to lean on a prebuilt policy module and to own the logic yourself; Round 2 is where you build that ownership properl y, as a working engine in your Command Center. At least three active policies that genuinely constrain what the agent may do alone, expressed as deterministic rules or natural language, and evaluated before an action executes rather than reported afterwards. A business user must be able to change a threshold or rule in the interface, with no code, and see the agent behave differently on the next run. Every evaluation is logged so a decision can be traced later. Typical policies are approval bands, tolerances, eligibility rules, routing rules, and the conditions that force a freeze or an escalation.
The AI Insights engine. The patterns a person would never assemble by hand. Insights must be computed from the data your agent actually processed, carry a severity, and end in a clear action path. Two kinds are worth building: operational insights about the work itsel f, such as recurring anomalies, risk clusters, and forecasts; and automation-opportunity insights about the operation, such as a manual step that keeps recurring and could become a policy or a new Operator. Static charts and the template's seeded demo data do not count.
The AI Manager. The conversational surface over the operation. A person asks a question in plain language and gets an answer grounded in real records, and can trigger or re-trigger an Operator from the same place. It should never invent an answer it cannot support from the data.
The Data Manager. A l ive registry of every system the build is connected to, what each is used for, and whether the connection is healthy. It is how a judge sees that your integrations are real.
The Workbench. The human queue. Every item arrives with full context and the agent's recommendation. A person approves, modiﬁes, or rejects, the decision is recorded, and the workﬂow continues from there. If a human correction also changes future behavior, that is self-learning and it earns bonus points.

Bring your own systems
Teams provision their own integrations. Create your own accounts on the CRMs, ticket tools, databases, and applications you need, and connect them either through a native Auto integration or through a code-built API Operator.
Every build needs at least three live integrations across at least two categories, including at least one channel and at least one system of record, al l visible and healthy in the Data Manager.
Google integrations (Drive, Sheets, Gmail, Calendar) are in beta for this event. Use alternatives such as Airtable, Supabase, SharePoint, OneDrive, Box, Dropbox, and Outlook.
Integrations must carry real data. An integration that is connected but unused, or a Data Manager entry that is hardcoded, does not count toward the ﬂoor.

The dataset
Round 2 ships an expanded data pack per track. It keeps the Round 1 schema, so your existing build still reads it, and adds new tables, new columns, more volume, and harder cases so the wider operation has real work to do.
The dataset is how you exercise your integrations, not a ﬁle to read off disk. Use it one of two ways. Either seed your connected systems with it, loading the records into the CRM, ticket tool, database, or base you stand up, or serve it from a store such as SharePoint, OneDrive, Box, or Dropbox and point an integration at it. In both cases the AI Employee pulls that data back through the l ive integration and acts on it.
Do not hardcode to the rows you are given. A judge may ask you to run a record you did not prepare, or ask how the build behaves when the data changes, so the logic needs to hold for the general case rather than for a handful of chosen rows.
Datasets provided by Supervity are for use in this hackathon only and may not be redistributed.

Timeline, build, and submission
The Round 2 brief and the template repository are released on 25 Jul y. The preparation window is 26 to 27 July: set up your environment, clone the template, get it running, and plan your Operators.
The remote build phase runs 3 to 7 August. This is the ﬁve-day build.
Day 1, Saturday 8 August, offline build at Asia Paciﬁc University, Kuala Lumpur. Check-in opens at 10:00 AM; be on-site between 10:00 and 10:45 for check-in and breakfast. All teams should be present in person. The code freeze is at 11:59 PM the same day, and no commits are accepted after it.

Time
Activity
10:00 to 10:45
Arrival, check-in and breakfast
10:45 to 11:00
Morning brieﬁng and day overview
11:00 to 13:00
Build session, part one
13:00 to 14:00
Lunch break
14:00 to 16:30
Build session, part two
16:30 to 17:00
Office hours and ﬁnal Q&A
17:00 to 17:30
Prep and rehearsal, showcase run-throughs
17:30 to 19:00
Build session, part three
19:00
Closing for the day
23:59
Code freeze. Whatever is deployed at this point is what is judged
Day 2, Sunday 9 August, Grand Finale at APU. Arrive between 10:00 and 10:45 again for check-in and breakfast. You have ﬁfteen minutes to set up before judging begins at 11 :00, so bring everything you need to run your build.

Time
Activity
10:00 to 10:45
Arrival, check-in and breakfast
10:45 to 11:00
Team set-up
11:00 to 13:00
Judging, track showcase, part one
13:00 to 14:00
Lunch break
14:00 to 16:30
Judging, track showcase, part two
16:30 to 17:00
Judges complete scoring
17:00 to 17:30
Keynote from the Supervity team, followed by a short address from the judges
17:30 to 19:00
Prize distribution ceremony
19:00
Closing

Your showcase slot is 10 to 12 minutes: roughly 8 to 10 minutes to demonstrate your build l ive, and 2 to 3 minutes of questions from the judges. Your track's running order is conﬁrmed on the morning of Day 2 and posted in Discord.
A Round 2 submission consists of: the team name and members; the assigned track; a l ink to the team's Auto workspace so judges can verify the Orchestrator and Operators are real; the repository containing the coded Command Center; a running instance judges can reach during the demo; and a short note stating the outcome metric the build moves and the integrations it uses.
Your build must run from a clean clone. Judges will not debug your machine. Make sure the Command Center comes up, the agent is reachable, and the demo path works end to end before the freeze.

How your build is judged
The qualiﬁcation gate. Judges satisfy themselves that the build clears four business conditions before scoring it. This is a judgement call, not a technical checklist, and it exists so that a build which does not actually address the business problem is not scored against ones that do.
It solves the business problem it was given. It does the job of the role it claims to automate, end to end, rather than one interesting fragment of it.
A human is genuinely in the loop. When the agent should not decide alone, the work reaches a person with enough context to decide, and that decision completes the workﬂow.
It is connected to real systems. It works against l ive integrations a business would actually use, not a closed demo talking to itsel f.
It ties to the real world and works live. It is an improvement on how the work is done today, and you can run it and explain it in front of a judge.
Round 2 requirements. Separately from the gate, these are the things your build must contain. They are not optional, and the rubric assumes them: an Orchestrator on Auto coordinating at least ﬁve distinct Operators; a Command Center wired to that agent through the backend API, showing l ive activity rather than the template's demo data; at least three AI Policies, editable without code and applied before the agent acts; AI Insights generated from the data your agent processed; at least three live integrations across two categories, including one channel and one system of record, visible in the Data Manager; and a Workbench where a real exception is cleared by a human.
The core rubric. Past the gate, ﬁve criteria carry the score, weighted to 100.
Round 1 scored business output at 40 with three supporting l ines. Round 2 lowers it to 30 and adds l ines for Policies and Insights, because this round is about the governed operation around the agent, not the output alone. Nothing you were rewarded for in Round 1 stops mattering; more things now matter alongside it.

Criterion
Weight
Point split
Business output
30
Solves the core business problem 15 · quantiﬁed metric movement 10 · sensible handling of exceptions and edge cases 5
Architecture on Auto (agent and integrations)
20
Decomposition into ﬁve or more real Operators 8 · orchestration depth 7
· integration realism and Data Manager 5
Customizability and Policies
20
Applied before the agent acts 8 · live no-code conﬁgurability 7 · auditability and breadth 5
AI Insights
15
Generated from real processed data 6 · non-trivial and correct with severity 5 · actionable next step 4
Command Center and live demo
15
Live dashboard 6 · grounded AI Manager 4 · coherent end-to-end run 5
Total
100
Bonus is additive on top, up to +10
Bonus points, additive, up to +10. Bonus rewards going beyond the brief once the stated problem is solved: extra Operators and richer downstream actions; forecasting; self-learning, where a human correction or override at the Workbench is captured and changes future behavior; deeper auditability and governance, so a business user can trace every decision without an engineer; meaningful use of open-source

components, models, l ibraries, or frameworks that are named and given a real role rather than a token import; and genuine innovativeness and creativity on top of the problem statement.
Judged live. Every build is judged on a l ive run in front of the panel, and judges score what they see happen rather than the sl ides. Presentation polish is not a scoring dimension. Expect to be asked to run a case you did not rehearse, and to explain your own architecture.
Per-track enterprise judges score their own domain, so a ﬁnance leader scores Finance and an operations leader scores Operations. Judges' decisions are ﬁnal.

Originality, conduct, and support
All work must be created during the hackathon window by the registered team. Reusing your own Round 1 build is expected and encouraged. Passing off another team's or a third party's work as original is not al lowed.
Building with AI assistance is expected; Auto generates code. What is judged is the resulting AI Employee and the operation around it: its decomposition, its governance, its exception handling, and its business output.
Teams retain ownership of their intellectual property. By entering, teams grant Supervity a l icence to feature the submission in case studies, recordings, and promotional material with attribution.
All participants follow a standard code of conduct: professional, respectful, and inclusive behavior at al l times, on Discord, in every official channel, in submissions, and in person at APU. Harassing, discriminatory, abusive, or demeaning behavior toward organizers, judges, participants, or anyone else results in points being deducted or the team being disqualiﬁed, depending on severity. Serious or repeated violations mean immediate disqualiﬁcation.
No plagiarism, no misrepresentation of a build, and no tampering with another team's systems or submissions. A submission that fakes a demo, hardcodes to sample data, or misrepresents what the AI Employee actually does l ive will be disqualiﬁed when the discrepancy surfaces during judging.
Daily office hours run in Discord throughout the build, and every official ruling is posted and pinned so al l teams see the same answer.

Frequently asked questions
Round 2 in general
What is the goal of Round 2, plainly? To turn your Round 1 agent into an operation someone could run. More Operators doing more of the real job, a Command Center that shows what is happening, policies that constrain the agent, insights that surface what a person would miss, and a human queue for the decisions the agent should not make alone.
How is Round 2 different from Round 1? Round 1 tested decomposition: could you split a problem into an Orchestrator and Operators and connect real systems. Round 2 tests governance and completeness: does the agent cover more of the business function, does a person control it through policies, is every decision visible, and can a human step in cleanl y.
Do I have to rebuild my Round 1 agent? No, and you should not. Keep your Round 1 Orchestrator and Operators, extend them to at least ﬁve Operators, and connect them to the Command Center. Building fresh agents on Auto is al lowed if you prefer.
Does my track change? No. You keep the track you were assigned in Round 1 , and team composition stays the same.
How long is the build? The remote build runs 3 to 7 August, ﬁve days. The offline build is 8 August at APU with a code freeze at 11 :59 PM, and the Grand Finale is 9 August.
What does a ﬁnished Round 2 build look like? A trigger arrives through a l ive integration, your Orchestrator on Auto calls ﬁve or more Operators, a policy you can edit in the interface decides what executes automaticall y, an exception lands in the Workbench and a person clears it, the dashboard and insights update from what actually happened, and the Data Manager shows every connected system healthy.
The agent, Orchestrator, and Operators
What exactly is an Operator, and what is an Orchestrator? An Operator does one job end to end. An Orchestrator runs other Operators, deciding order, passing context, retrying, and escalating. The Orchestrator does not do the detailed work itsel f.
How do I call an Operator from inside an Orchestrator? Name it in plain language inside the Orchestrator's workﬂow, for example "I want to trigger the Risk Screen Operator Agent" or "call the Extraction operator agent." Auto runs that Operator as a step inside the Orchestrator.
How many Operators do I need? At least ﬁve distinct Operators under one Orchestrator. That is a gate condition, not a preference.
How do I know my Operators are genuinely distinct? Delete one on paper. If a speciﬁc business capability disappears, it was real. If nothing changes, you split one agent for appearances.
Must all orchestration be on Auto? Yes. The Orchestrator and Operators must be built on Supervity Auto. The Command Center, Policies, Insights, Manager, Data Manager, and Workbench are coded on the template and may use any model.
Can a single agent solve this? No. A single mega-agent fails the gate regardless of how well it performs.
Can my Orchestrator run Operators in parallel? Yes, and you should where the work al lows it. Parallel fan-out and fan-in, conditional branching, retries, and escalation are exactly what the architecture score looks for.

The template and setup
Where is the template, and do I have to use it? https://github.com/digitamizers/AutoPil ot-Templ ate, and yes. Every Round 2 build starts there so judges can run every build the same way.
.env.envmakemakeWhat do I need installed? Docker Desktop and Git. On Windows, WSL 2 must be enabled.
.env
.env
make
make

How do I start it? Clone the repository, copy .env.example to
, start Docker Desktop, then run

upupon macOS or Linux or .\scripts\start.ps1 on Windows. The dashboard is at http://l ocalhost:3001 and the API docs at http://l ocalhost:8001 /api/docs.
up
up
The ﬁrst run is slow. Is that normal? Yes. The ﬁrst build downloads images and takes two to ﬁve minutes.
Later starts take about ﬁfteen seconds.
Port 3001 or 5432 is already in use. Something else is on that port, often a local PostgreSQL. Stop it, or
docker-compose.ymldocker-compose.ymlchange the port in.
docker-compose.yml
docker-compose.yml
The frontend is blank. The backend is probably not healthy. Check curl
http://localhost:8001/api/healthhttp://localhost:8001/api/healthand read docker compose logs backend . Crash-looping containers are usually a missing environment variable or a database issue.
http://localhost:8001/api/health
http://localhost:8001/api/health
AuthorizationAuthorization.env.envHow does my backend authenticate to Auto? With a Workﬂow API key you generate at https://auto.supervity.ai/u/api-keys. Pick an expiration and workspace context, generate it, and send it as a
Authorization
Authorization
.env
.env

bearer token in the
header from your backend. Keep it in
, never in the frontend.

Where is the platform documentation? https://auto.supervity.ai/docs. It is the authoritative reference for the workﬂow endpoints your backend calls.
Does the template's own backend count as one of my three integrations? No. The backend is part of your build. The three integrations are external systems your Operators read from and write to, such as a channel, a CRM, a ticket tool, or a database.
Do I need to set up authentication? No. The template ships with a development bypass so it starts with a session in place. Real authentication is a bonus, not a requirement.
Can I change the template's design? Yes, and you should make it yours, but keep it looking l ike a Supervity product. The repository includes a design-system reference.
Can I add my own database tables and endpoints? Yes. Alembic migrations are already set up. Persisting runs, decisions, and exceptions is expected.
Policies, Insights, Manager, Workbench
What counts as a working AI Policies engine? At least three active policies that genuinely constrain the agent and are evaluated before an action executes. A business user must be able to change a threshold or rule in the interface, with no code, and see behavior change. Every evaluation must be logged.
How will judges test my policies? By changing one in front of you. Expect a judge to edit a threshold in your Command Center, ask you to re-run, and check that the agent behaved differently and that the evaluation was recorded.
Can policies be natural language, or must they be rules? Either. Deterministic rules or a model evaluating an Operator's output against a plain-language rule both count, as long as the policy actually gates the action and is editable without code.
What counts as a real insight? An observation computed from the data your agent actually processed, with a severity and a clear action path. Recurring patterns, anomalies, risk clusters, bottlenecks, and forecasts al l

count. A static chart or the template's seeded demo data does not.
Can insights suggest automation opportunities? Yes, and that is one of the strongest things to build. An insight that spots a manual step recurring often enough to deserve a policy or a new Operator is exactly the intent.
What should the AI Manager do? Answer questions about the operation from real records, and let a person trigger or re-trigger an Operator. It should not be a general chatbot, and it must not invent answers.
What belongs in the Workbench? Any decision the agent should not make alone. Each item arrives with full context and the agent's recommendation, a person approves, modiﬁes, or rejects, and the decision is recorded.
Does a human correction have to change future behavior? Not to pass, but it earns bonus points.
Capturing an override and adapting later behavior is the self-learning bonus.
Data and integrations
Is the Round 2 dataset the same as Round 1? It keeps the Round 1 schema and expands it. Each track gains new tables, new columns, more volume, and harder cases so the wider operation has real work to do.
Can I just read the spreadsheet from disk? No. Either seed your connected systems with it, or serve it from SharePoint, OneDrive, Box, or Dropbox and point an integration at it, then pull it back through the l ive connection.
How many integrations do I need? At least three across at least two categories, including one channel and one system of record, al l visible and healthy in the Data Manager.
Can I use Google Drive, Sheets, Gmail, or Calendar? Google integrations are in beta for this event. Use Airtable, Supabase, SharePoint, OneDrive, Box, Dropbox, or Outlook instead.
Will judges bring their own data? No. You demonstrate on your own working setup. A judge may ask you to process a record you did not prepare in advance, and will ask how the build behaves when the data or the rules change, so avoid tuning your logic to a handful of chosen rows.
Judging, submission, and the ﬁnale
How is Round 2 scored? A pass-or-fail gate ﬁrst, then ﬁve criteria weighted to 100: Business output 30, Architecture on Auto 20, Customizability and Policies 20, AI Insights 15, and Command Center and l ive demo 15, with bonus additive up to 10.
What earns bonus points? Extra Operators and richer downstream actions, forecasting, self-learning from Workbench overrides, deeper auditability, meaningful open-source use, and genuine creativity beyond the brief.
Does a polished interface win? No. Presentation polish is not a scoring dimension. Judges score the trace, not the sl ides.
What do I submit? Team name and members, your assigned track, a l ink to your Auto workspace, the repository with your Command Center, a running instance judges can reach during the demo, and a short note on the outcome metric and integrations.
Does my build have to run from a clean clone? Yes. Judges will not debug your machine. Test it before the freeze.
What are the most common ways teams lose points? Shipping the template's demo data on the Policies or Insights pages; a dashboard that does not move when the agent runs; policies that display but do not

gate anything; an exception path that was never demonstrated l ive; and hardcoding to a few chosen rows so nothing works when a judge asks for a different case.
Where do I ask questions during the build? The official Discord channels. Daily office hours run there, and every official ruling is posted and pinned so al l teams see the same answer.

Not ap ps. Not agents. AI Employees run the Autos.